
Assignment's Purpose:
    This assignments purpose is to implement one line of a scrabble board
using jquery. Users are able to move tiles to and from their hand and the board, 
with restrictions being placed where the tile can land. The user  is able
to submit their word, to recivve a new set of letters, and they are able to reset
the game. They are also able to view the current game's progress on a scoreboard.

Description of features:
    When the user submits a word, the tiles that were submitted will be replaced, and their
score will be tallied and displayed to the user. It is also at this point that the internal 
mapping of the characters is updated, and the remaining number of uses for that letter is reduced.
    When the user resets the game, the internal mapping of the scrabble board and the user's hand
returns to its initial state. The user recieves a full set of new letters, and their scoreboard
is cleared. 
    When the user requests new tiles, the old tiles are discarded, but their remaining uses is 
not decremented. The location of the tiles is reset to the user's hand, and they are given new
letters. 

Missing/Incomplete Features:
    Based on the rubric, I believe evertyhing is implemented. I used my own styles for the scrabble board
assets, since it was not in the rubric of the assignement to do otherwise. I did ask the professor to see
if my final webpage was OK without the assets, but I did not hear back. I was planning on making 
this change to use the provided assets anyways, but I am busy with finals so was not able to.
    The rubric also details restrictions on where tiles can be placed, but it does not detail 
restrictions on where they can be moved from. Based on the description given, users are able to create 
spaces in their word. These spaces are removed when the user submits. 

Extra Credit:
    I did neither of the extra credit portions of the assignment.
    The scoreboard was just an additional feature I thougth was useful, but not intended for extra
    credit.